avoid version numbers (#318)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation/pages/install-intro.adoc

ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]

> From SUSE Linux Enterprise, {susemgr} Server and Proxy are available as base products, and can be installed with the SLES Unified Installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{susemgr} Server and Proxy are available from {sle} as base products, and can be installed with the Unified Installer.
```
